Now there's more to reusable workflows.
Besides expecting and using inputs
you can also expect secrets by adding a secrets key
on the same level as you added inputs
nested below workflow_call.
Now, secrets are what the name implies,
secret values that might be needed by this workflow.
Now, this workflow doesn't need any secrets
but of course you might have a reusable workflows that do
and therefore here we could have some secret.
We can then specify whether it is required or not.
You can't add a default value or anything like this.
And then once you added a secret here, required or not,
you can provide it here when using that reusable workflow.
Of course, you must provide it if the secret is required.
Alternatively, you can optionally provide it.
Now, when it comes to providing a secret value
you don't do this with, with.
You use that for inputs only instead.
But instead you use the secrets key,
which you add to the same job where you added uses and with
and you add it on the same level as you added with and uses.
And then under secrets you can add these secrets
using the same identifiers as set up here
and provide your secret values.
For example, by using the secrets context, some-secret.
Now here, I'll comment this out by adding a hash symbol
because I haven't added a secret with that name.
But that is how you could pass a secret
to your workflows.
Here again, I'll comment it all out
but that is how you would do it.